Add rx.asset documentation and explain difference between assets vs upload directory (#1313)
reflex-dev/reflex-web: docs/assets/overview.md

## Referencing Assets

There are two ways to reference assets in your Reflex app:

### 1. Direct Path Reference

> To reference an image in the `assets/` folder, simply pass the relative path as a prop.

Reviewer: Remove simply

# Always prefix the asset path with a forward slash `/` to reference the asset from the root of the project, or it may not display correctly on non-root pages.
```

### 2. Using rx.asset Function

The `rx.asset` function provides a more flexible way to reference assets in your app. It supports both local assets (in the app's `assets/` directory) and shared assets (placed next to your Python files).

#### Local Assets

Local assets are stored in the app's `assets/` directory and are referenced using `rx.asset`:

```python demo
rx.image(src=rx.asset("Reflex.svg"), width="5em")
```

#### Shared Assets

Shared assets are placed next to your Python file and are linked to the app's external assets directory. This is useful for creating reusable components with their own assets:

```python box
# my_component.py
import reflex as rx

> # my_script.js is located next to this Python file

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# my_script.js is located in the same directory as this Python file
```
